docs: document minimum Coder version for each resource (#417)
coder/terraform-provider-coder: provider/VERSION_METADATA.md

1. **During Development**: Add `@since:` markers to descriptions
2. **During Doc Generation**: 
   - `terraform-plugin-docs` generates initial documentation
   - Our custom `docsgen` script:
     - Extracts version information from descriptions
     - Adds formatted version notes to resources
     - Adds inline version markers to attributes
     - Cleans up the version patterns from descriptions

## Examples

### Resource Example

```go
func myNewResource() *schema.Resource {
    return &schema.Resource{
        Description: "Manages a new Coder feature. @since:v2.25.0",
        // ... rest of resource definition
    }
}
```

Results in documentation with:
```markdown
# coder_my_new (Resource)

Manages a new Coder feature.

~> **Note:** This resource requires [Coder v2.25.0](https://github.com/coder/coder/releases/tag/v2.25.0) or later.
```

### Attribute Example

```go
"advanced_option": {
    Type:        schema.TypeBool,
    Description: "Enable advanced features. @since:v2.22.0",
    Optional:    true,
},
```

Results in documentation with:
```markdown
- `advanced_option` (Boolean) Enable advanced features. *(since v2.22.0)*
```

## When to Add Version Information

> - **Add @since: markers** for resources introduced after Coder v2.0
> - **Add @since: markers** for attributes added to existing resources
> - **Don't add markers** for resources that existed before Coder v2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add @since: markers** for newly introduced resources and data sources
- **Add @since: markers** for attributes added to existing resources and data sources
```
